ReciPleaseDTR.md, before:

# ReciPlease: 
#### curated recipes, custom ingredients, curiously easy

## Goals for each member

* Anne = love to try something new overall
* Amy = do/be in charge of some front-end stuff
* Kyle = pair time to figure out how others have been approaching Rails (perhaps some front-end stuff), incorporate some cool gems to improve workflow
* Schutte = not use bootstrap

### Group
* Strong 3s and some 4s
* Leave Wednesday for refactoring
* Have fun at least 50% of the time
* Maybe design for mobile-first

## When can we work? 
* Anne = free pretty much all the time, better in mornings and shut-down at 10pm
* Amy = morning worker, shut-down at 10pm or so
* Kyle = considers himself “available” broadly
* Schutte = like to be home by 6-6:30, happy to come in on mornings

## Communication
* Group check-ins: stay in the loop, keep it mellow, see where everyone is/are there issues, goals for the day, shout-outs and volunteer failure bows

* How to communicate: Waffle, Slack group message

* Git workflow: waffle for almost everything, try to comment on pull requests with meaningful conversation (at least one per and with tags), let’s try to make smaller pull requests and commit in discrete chunks, no-one can merge their own pull requests. If you see something that you want to fix, make a waffle.

* Trouble Shooting: 30-minute rule: if you’ve been stuck for 30 minutes or more, phone a friend. If we’re remote, put it in slack. If it’s late, wait or move on to something else.

* what features does each member want to work on? maybe designate by routes, maybe break it up by user stories (we don’t really know what all the features will be yet). We will have on-deck items for each member’s next task.

* Feedback: 360-style feedback for everyone, first one on Friday 10 AM, make sure we slack written feedback for portfolios

## Misc.
* HAML? should we do this? forms can be tricky but once you get them, you’ve got all the skills

* Schutte = has personal “babies” in each project that you feel strongly about, and has a hard time killing them
* Amy = sick at the moment, hopefully it doesn’t get worse
* Anne = wants to get better at telling people what she actually thinks
* Kyle = don’t let myself go rogue and make sure I only do what’s been assigned

* Project Manager = Amy


## Project Ideas
### What are we selling? 
Maybe something with different components, maybe something with good pictures, maybe kits that you can add and subtract from, RECIPES = reciplease.com

### Possible extensions
Include recipe reviews, search function for recipes, and a form to enter ingredients you have in the house to receive a list of recipes you can make with them.

Commit message:

update readme for some typos and change name to scoopful

ReciPleaseDTR.md, after:

# Scoopful: 
#### from the scoop to your stoop: brining the bulk aisle online.

## Goals for each member

* Anne = love to try something new overall
* Amy = do/be in charge of some front-end stuff
* Kyle = pair time to figure out how others have been approaching Rails (perhaps some front-end stuff), incorporate some cool gems to improve workflow
* Schutte = not use bootstrap

### Group
* Strong 3s and some 4s
* Leave Wednesday for refactoring
* Have fun at least 50% of the time
* Maybe design for mobile-first

## When can we work? 
* Anne = free pretty much all the time, better in mornings and shut-down at 10pm
* Amy = morning worker, shut-down at 10pm or so
* Kyle = considers himself “available” broadly
* Schutte = like to be home by 6-6:30, happy to come in on mornings

## Communication
* Group check-ins: stay in the loop, keep it mellow, see where everyone is/are there issues, goals for the day, shout-outs and volunteer failure bows

* How to communicate: Waffle, Slack group message

* Git workflow: waffle for almost everything, try to comment on pull requests with meaningful conversation (at least one per and with tags), let’s try to make smaller pull requests and commit in discrete chunks, no-one can merge their own pull requests. If you see something that you want to fix, make a waffle.

* Trouble Shooting: 30-minute rule: if you’ve been stuck for 30 minutes or more, phone a friend. If we’re remote, put it in slack. If it’s late, wait or move on to something else.

* what features does each member want to work on? maybe designate by routes, maybe break it up by user stories (we don’t really know what all the features will be yet). We will have on-deck items for each member’s next task.

* Feedback: 360-style feedback for everyone, first one on Friday 10 AM, make sure we slack written feedback for portfolios

## Misc.
* HAML? should we do this? forms can be tricky but once you get them, you’ve got all the skills

* Schutte = has personal “babies” in each project that you feel strongly about, and has a hard time killing them
* Amy = sick at the moment, hopefully it doesn’t get worse
* Anne = wants to get better at telling people what she actually thinks
* Kyle = don’t let myself go rogue and make sure I only do what’s been assigned

* Project Manager = Amy


## Project Ideas
### What are we selling? 
Maybe something with different components, maybe something with good pictures, maybe kits that you can add and subtract from, RECIPES = reciplease.com

### Possible extensions
Include recipe reviews, search function for recipes, and a form to enter ingredients you have in the house to receive a list of recipes you can make with them.
